do I do this too much handily an
instructional cooking show brought to
you by the guys from Epic Meal Time
handle it every Saturday at pick Neal
time every Tuesday learn yourself
something today we're going to teach you
how to make ramen burgers and smoky
ketchup from scratch
I'm Josh let's go I would suggest would
be to take about three four strips and
set it aside so that we can fry them as
is to cover our burger named as everyone
likes a bacon cheeseburger right and
then get to choppin smaller the bits the
better this bacon is gonna go into our
ramen mixture but you see how easy it is
because it's bacon it's so beautiful and
oh what's this it's an epic Meal Time
nice alright Bacon's chopped as you can
see this beautiful mosaic of bacon
deliciousness put the bacon on the pan
without the pan being on and then high
heat Phil you're a big saucepan or pot
halfway with water this for the ramen
noodles do yourself a favor and cover
the pot water will boil faster if it's
covered logic right now I'm gonna make
ketchup mixture grab all of your
ingredients for the ketchup which I have
neatly measured out prior to us starting
to film brown fairy dust tears of
children whatever I had anything my
fingernails last night salt and pepper
some water this next ingredient is gonna
set your ketchup aside from everyone
else's ketchup liquid smoke throw it on
the stove until it starts to bubble and
then turn off the heat bubbles off take
that off the heat all right now I'm
gonna get on making these brown beef
burger patties I got my ground beef over
here I have about a cup of minced onion
that in never want to have your meat
unseasoned so out of super salty pepper
no it's to your discretion - the cap
we're gonna add one egg add your
breadcrumbs last but never least my
bottom [ __ ] Diana out of our third of a
cup
so I would say this up big that's thick
put them on your cutting board we're
gonna make as many pies as we can then
we're gonna put them in the fridge to
settle up our water is boiling you want
to leave these in there for about three
minutes we're gonna get nice and soft
and then we're gonna drain the water
from the noodles we're gonna scramble
two eggs add this beef flavor to our egg
mixture and then combine it with the
ramen so the random possesses of beat
flavor baking goes in the ramen don't
worry about the extra grease it'll just
add flavor now add your egg mixture you
want to work fast here because the
residual heat might cook the egg and you
don't want scrambled eggs and your ramen
burgers at all spread this mixture over
a baking tray trying to make an even
layer of ramen bacon egg mixture over
here just press down like so throw it in
the freezer for 15 minutes excuse me
while I fix this Clark Kent thing oh
there's some of that bacon butter that
we made that time should I have a drink
I really wanna drink iPads at
medium-high heat and our burgers are
looking mighty fine
I would suggest adding two burgers at a
time depending on the size of your pen
here's the trick five minutes on one
side three minutes on the other side
don't move them don't mess with them let
them work burgers are done so the ramen
is tightened up now we're gonna cut out
the circles grab your spatula don't want
to touch it because that might
compromise the shape put it on your
frying pan and let it sit there for
three minutes and then we're gonna flip
it now you might ask what am I gonna do
with the excess ramen that's pretty
simple you could just make soup dummy
okay so while you're waiting good cheese
and bacon your burgers this one I'm
gonna make a double burger
smokey ketchup some other that somebo
[Music]
well thanks for coming on this journey
with me I want you to pause the screen
right here write down all the steps so
you can follow along at home or make
this creation after watching the video
remember like favorite share subscribe
all that social media mumbo-jumbo and
remember you only need to know [ __ ]
about code need to know how to cook you
just need to know how to knit a sweater
using chopsticks and ramen noodles
[Music]
[Applause]